README.md, before:

# Incubator Tooltip for Flow

[Live Demo ↗](https://incubator.app.fi/incubator-tooltip-demo/)


[&lt;incubator-tooltip&gt;](https://vaadin.com/directory/component/vaadinincubator-tooltip) is a Web Component providing an easy way to display tooltips on any html element.


# What does the component do?

Tooltip is a component that can be used in conjunction with any component to display contextual information.
When the attached component is hovered, the tooltip displays the contextual information.

# How is it used?

A simple use of the tooltip component would be the following.

```java
Button button = new Button("Click me");
Tooltip tooltip = new Tooltip();

tooltip.attachToComponent(button);

tooltip.setPosition(TooltipPosition.RIGHT);
tooltip.setAlignment(TooltipAlignment.LEFT);

tooltip.add(new H5("Hello"));
tooltip.add(new Paragraph("This is an example of how to use it"));
```

It is possible to open and close the tooltip manually:

```
Button open = new Button("Open tooltip", event -> {
    tooltip.open();
});

Button close = new Button("Close tooltip", event -> {
    tooltip.close();
});

button.addClickListener(event -> {
   tooltip.setEnabled(!tooltip.isEnabled());
});
```

Click listeners can be added to the tooltip:
```
tooltip.addClickListener(event -> {
    Notification notification = new Notification(
            "You clicked on the avatar", 3000, Notification.Position.TOP_CENTER);
    notification.open();
});
```

# How to run the demo?

The Demo can be run going to the project incubator-tooltip-flow-vaadincom-demo and executing the maven goal:

```mvn jetty:run```


## License & Author

This Add-on is distributed under [Commercial Vaadin Add-on License version 3](http://vaadin.com/license/cval-3) (CVALv3). For license terms, see LICENSE.txt.

Incubator Tooltip is written by Vaadin Ltd.


## Setting up for development:

Clone the project in GitHub (or fork it if you plan on contributing)

```
git clone git@github.com/vaadin/incubator-tooltip-flow.git
```

in the root directory. `-DskipITs` will skip the integration tests, which require a TestBench license. If you want to run all tests as part of the build, run

```mvn install```

Commit message:

Detach & automatic attach - Shouldn't need to be added explicitly #2

README.md, after:

# Incubator Tooltip for Flow

[Live Demo ↗](https://incubator.app.fi/incubator-tooltip-demo/)


[&lt;incubator-tooltip&gt;](https://vaadin.com/directory/component/vaadinincubator-tooltip) is a Web Component providing an easy way to display tooltips on any html element.


# What does the component do?

Tooltip is a component that can be used in conjunction with any component to display contextual information.
When the attached component is hovered, the tooltip displays the contextual information.

# How is it used?

A simple use of the tooltip component would be the following.

```java
Button button = new Button("Click me");
Tooltip tooltip = new Tooltip();

tooltip.attachToComponent(button);

tooltip.setPosition(TooltipPosition.RIGHT);
tooltip.setAlignment(TooltipAlignment.LEFT);

tooltip.add(new H5("Hello"));
tooltip.add(new Paragraph("This is an example of how to use it"));
```

It is possible to open and close the tooltip manually:

```
Button open = new Button("Open tooltip", event -> {
    tooltip.open();
});

Button close = new Button("Close tooltip", event -> {
    tooltip.close();
});

button.addClickListener(event -> {
   tooltip.setEnabled(!tooltip.isEnabled());
});
```

Click listeners can be added to the tooltip:
```
tooltip.addClickListener(event -> {
    Notification notification = new Notification(
            "You clicked on the avatar", 3000, Notification.Position.TOP_CENTER);
    notification.open();
});
```

## Notes about `attachToComponent` method

In the new tooltip's version, `attachToComponent` will append automatically the component to the component's parent.
A tooltip can be appended manually, specifying `attachToComponent(component,false)`

In the old tooltip's version, it has to be added always manually to the to the component's parent.
e.g `layout.add(btn,tooltip)`.

# How to run the demo?

The Demo can be run going to the project incubator-tooltip-flow-vaadincom-demo and executing the maven goal:

```mvn jetty:run```


## License & Author

This Add-on is distributed under [Commercial Vaadin Add-on License version 3](http://vaadin.com/license/cval-3) (CVALv3). For license terms, see LICENSE.txt.

Incubator Tooltip is written by Vaadin Ltd.


## Setting up for development:

Clone the project in GitHub (or fork it if you plan on contributing)

```
git clone git@github.com/vaadin/incubator-tooltip-flow.git
```

in the root directory. `-DskipITs` will skip the integration tests, which require a TestBench license. If you want to run all tests as part of the build, run

```mvn install```
